Profile Satoshi 

Satoshi Nakano is a 12 year old student stuck in their dreams of becoming a Pokemon master, they really look up to. They live in the real world, Which he views as boring. He likes to show off his stuff, which can make other people feel disinterested. He looks up to Dawn in the Pokemon anime, which he feels embarassed by. He wants to be the best pokemon/digimon tamer.

Satoshi is enemies with Kazu, Kenta, and Takato. Their friendship progressing is one of the key arcs of this story. He doesn't think highly of digimon fans, yet still wants playmates. He gets an ego boost once he gets Eevee, which irritates kazu and kenta but makes takato curious.

Satoshi is a good note taker. always taking notes about the world and things he learns in class, he wants to learn alot about the animals at home. He invades the digimon's personal space at least once to observe them. This comes in handy in battles and bioemergences. He tends to look at his notes for way too long, so he has to develop to know things by heart. He likes only people with passions for Pokemon which is flawed.

Satoshi lives at his parent's animal caretaking building. This is how he gets food and water for Eevee. He views Eevee as an pet or animal instead of a true friend at first, which mirrors how he views his friendships. His parents view him as going through the motions of being a fan, and he'll grow up eventually.

Satoshi is friends with Jeri at school.

Most of his class sees him as stuck up and obnoxious or aloof.

Satoshi speaks in fanboyish and rude language for a child but not for an adult, they tend to be open
chat gpt's suggestion:
Satoshi's character arc could revolve around him learning to value and connect with others beyond their shared passion for Pokemon/Digimon. He may learn to appreciate the unique strengths and perspectives that his friends bring to the table and overcome his gatekeeping tendencies. Additionally, his relationship with Deevee could deepen as he learns to see them as more than just a tool for achieving his goals.


