Setting Real World

The real world is a mundane place based on 2011's earth, flip phones, total unawareness of how real the fictional franchises Pokemon and Digimon are, except for a government agency named hypnos, which is aware of the digimon due to it's monitoring of the internet. This story is set in shinjuku in the real world at the beginning.

In shinjuku there is a park where after satoshi starts capturing Digimon, he stores them in a secluded rarely visited concrete shed that's mundanely empty. other areas of the park include the playground, and a little play area under a plastic hood for card games.

another place in shinjuku is the elementary school, which in the story has a roof, several hallways, an outdoor PE area, a tool shed, a cafeteria building, several classrooms, including's Satoshi's class with Ms Asaji and Takato. Henry also attends this school.

the hypnos building exists in shinjuku, large twin towers, a futuristic monitoring room for monitoring digimon, rooms to experiement with digital matter, and a conference room and reception hall. it also has a helipad on the roof

Satoshi's home is a 3 story building in a commercial district where his parents take care of animals, the lowest floor being the reception area, the second floor is where the animals live and where the tools to take care of them are stored, such as hairbrushes, food, water, shelter. up to 8 high profile animals live there at a time, the top floor is the residency for the people, which has satoshi's room where he lives with Deevee and speeks to Professor Rowan from the Pokemon world on his computer (after he obtains Deevee and Rowan finds a mysterious contact number on his tv phone and is able to Call Satoshi.), his parents sleep in another room, though they are often on the second floor.

The matsuki bakery is a building in a commercial district, it has a bakery as the front room, takato's room is upstairs, and the rest of the building is dedicated to living space for takato's parents.

henry's apartment is in a building in a housing district of shinjuku, it has a living room, henry's room where he spends time on his computer, his parent's room, his little sister's room where she dresses up dolls. terriermon while pretending to be a doll is often dressed up in there.

rika's home is a traditional one story japanese mansion, with paper doors and such, it has a garden, several halls, she lives there with her mother and grandmother and renamon

there are also subways, construction sites, highways, other parks, where battles in digital fog occur when digimon bioemerge
